Welcome, in this video, we're going to download and install Macromates's TextMate 2.
Open up your favorite browse, I'm using Google Chrome, then go to macromates.com.
Once that page loads, go to the downloads page. On the downloads page, select TextMate 2.
When you see this, it may be in beta or a pre-release version, but that's ok; my testing has indicated this is still very stable,
and I highly recommend it. So let's click on the TextMate 2 link. That begins our download. Once the file has finished downloading,
Go to the downloads stack, then go to the archive file for TextMate 2. Click on that archive file.
Once that archive has been expanded, it will expose the TextMate application.
While in finder, we can move this application file from our downloads stack into the applications.
Great, we can scroll down and make sure that TextMate is in applications. Let's confirm it by going to the dock,
and then our applications stack, then scroll down and find TextMate.
While we're here, let's launch TextMate by clicking on the icon. Once prompted by the mac operating system
to confirm if we really want to open this application or not, since we downloaded this application off the internet, click on open.
Great, now that we have TextMate open, if you're planning on using TextMate often, I reccomend adding TextMate to your dock.
To do that, let's go to the dock with TextMate running. Find the TextMate icon, and control+click or right click on the icon.
Then go to options "Keep in Dock". Alright let's clean everything up. Let's quit out of TextMate with command+q.
We can close our finder window, and quit out of chrome. Now let's verify that the TextMate icon is still in our dock.
Great, it's still there. Let's relaunch it by clicking on the icon. Excellent!